Created setup_gitea role (#391)
redhatci/ansible-collection-redhatci-ocp: roles/setup_gitea/README.md

# setup_gitea role

This role allows the deployment of [Gitea](https://gitea.com/). Gitea is:

[*"a painless, self-hosted, all-in-one software development service. It includes Git hosting, code review, team collaboration, package registry, and CI/CD. It is similar to GitHub, Bitbucket and GitLab."*](https://docs.gitea.com/)

Role tasks:
  - Validates requirements.
  - Creates a Gitea deployment.
  - Creates a route to the Gitea web console.

>   - Initalizes Gitea along with a default user.

Reviewer: typo: initializes

Author: thanks.

  - Creates the default repository.

> 

Reviewer 2: - Mirrors an existing repository into the Gitea instance.

Author: Thanks for the catch.

## Variables

| Variable              | Default     | Required | Description                                             |
| --------------------- | ----------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| sg_action             | install     | No       | Default role's action                                   |
| sg_gitea_image        | docker.io/gitea/gitea:latest-rootless | No       | Default Gitea server image    |
| sg_namespace          | gitea       | No       | Deployment Namespace                                    |
| sg_url                | http://localhost:3000                 | No       | Root URL to the Gitea service |
| sg_username           | *undefined* | if sg_repository is defined | Gitea's initial username             |
| sg_password           | *undefined* | if sg_username is defined   | Gitea's initial password             |

> | sg_email              | *undefined* | if sg_uasername is defined  | E-mail address for the initial user  |

Reviewer: typo: sg_username

Author: thanks for the catch.

| sg_repository         | *undefined* | No       | Initial repository name                                 |
| sg_repo_branch        | main        | No       | Main branch in the initial repository                   |
| sg_repo_mirror_url    | *undefined* | No       | Git URL to mirror into the initial repository           |
| sg_repo_mirror_branch | main        | No       | Branch to mirror from the repository                    |

## Role requirements

>   - The Ansible runner host must have access to the registry containing the *{{ sg_gitea_image }}* (default location is docker.io).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The Ansible control node must have access to the registry where the `sg_gitea_image` is stored.
```
